Update google-analytics-4-gtag.md (#303)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/google-analytics-4-gtag.md

    Amplitude is working on a beta version of BigQuery Import for GA4. Contact [dwh+GA4beta@amplitude.com](mailto:dwh+GA4beta@amplitude.com) to learn more. For more information about importing BiqQuery data in to Amplitude, see the [BigQuery Source documentation](/data/sources/bigquery).

## Use cases

> By sending events from Amplitude to GA4, customers can enrich GA4’s data collection capabilities, deepen their understanding of user journeys, and integrate product and marketing insights. This approach is crucial for optimizing user acquisition, retention, and enhancing the overall user experience. Click[[here](https://amplitude.com/blog/GA4-amplitude-hybrid-tracking) detailed guide from McGaw that walks through the end-to-end use case of leveraging this GA4 streaming integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you send events from Amplitude to Google Analytics 4, you enrich Google Analytics 4's data collection capabilities, deepen understanding of user journeys, and integrate product and marketing insights. This approach optimizes user acquisition and retention, and enhances  the overall user experience. For more information, see Amplitude's blog post [GA4 as an Amplitude CDP Destination: Hybrid Tracking Method for Full User Journey Analysis](https://amplitude.com/blog/GA4-amplitude-hybrid-tracking) that walks through the end-to-end use case for this Google Analytics 4 streaming integration.
```
